Windows which had a view of gaza's
largest refugee camp Overlook perhaps
its largest
graveyard Israeli soldiers have been
fighting in large parts of
jabalia and the Palestinian refugees
many who've been living here since 1948
are forcibly displaced once
again months home to more than 100,000
people now large parts are mostly
Rubble over the years Israel has
targeted the camp
repeatedly it's considered the
birthplace of the 1987 Ina or Uprising
and many Palestinian Fighters have come
from the area an Israeli military truck
killed four Palestinian workers sparking
protest and Civil Disobedience that
lasted for years since then it's been
declared a closed military
zone jabalia is the closest built up
area to the B hanun
Crossing so the Israeli Army has
attacked it frequently in nearly all its
offensives the population density of the
1.4 squ km Camp means numerous
casualties many of the 26 United Nations
run schools which have been turned into
shelters since October the 7th have been
hit including Alura where hundreds of
people were
killed the two hospitals on the
outskirts Indonesian and ala have been
targeted and are out of
service most of jaal's residents are
displaced killed or
wounded but those who remain say even if
they lose everything they won't stop
resisting the occupation and fighting
for basic human
rights jaid
aler make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer